## 2022-08-23
**Changes:**
- synced with LineageOS sources
- bump system security patch to 05.08.2022
- bump vendor security patch to 01.06.2022 (M127FXXS3AVF3)
- set correct device model using libinit
- some device tree side cleanups
- disable 5GHz support in WifiOverlay (since it's actually unsupported)
- proper performance tuning in power hal (should improve performance and battery life)
- address some selinux denials causing logspam

**Notes:**
- This build still requires OneUI 3.1 firmware, I'm still waiting for the recent OneUI 4.1 kernel sources
- Support for SM-M127G and SM-F127G is confirmed now!
- For bug reports, see #bugs and #logs in the support chat!

## 2022-07-18
**Changes:**
- synced with LineageOS sources
- align status bar padding on both sides
- fix device wifi mac (you have to delete a wifi configs in data partition to make it show your real one)

**Notes:**
- SM-M127G is still wip, will probably be released next month.
- For bug reports, see #bugs and #logs in the support chat!

## 2022-07-17
**Changes:**
- synced with LineageOS sources (there are a lot of new features like full light mode qs, pure black dark mode and more)
- bump system security patch to 05.07.2022
- fix DSU option in developer options
- fix HFP/BT SCO (thanks to SB3P@xda for reporting the bug and testing the fix)
- improve performance (setting sampling_down_factor to 50 and disabling samsung's input booster, thanks to ap4ss3rby@xda)
- set a lower screen density (so the Android 12 UI doesn't look that oversized)
- improve rounded corner overlays
- For bug reports, see #bugs and #logs in the support chat!

**Notes:**
- SM-M127G is ready but no one has tested the build yet. It's available in the telegram group if anyone wants to test, it should be working fine now.
- OneUI 4.1 update was recently released for some 850 devices. If you want to use lineageOS you **SHOULDN'T** update to it. If I will update to OneUI 4.1 blobs and kernel, I will mention it in the changelog and give an easy way of updating the bootloader, modem and firmware without having to flash full OneUI!
- You should receive this update in the Updater app.

## 2022-06-27
**Changes:**
- there aren't any changes, this build was rolled out to test the Updater app. If it doesn't work on the previous one, then it should work on this one now!

## 2022-06-26

**Changes:**
- initial release builds, only bug is auto brightness (to be more specific, the virtual camera light sensor, we haven't found a fix yet.)

**Notes:**
- Currently, only M127F is supported (perhaps F127F too? Please try and report). For M127G users, there will be specific builds in the future! For the other 850 devices, there will be builds as well in future if there are any testers!
- SELinux is enforcing, data partition is FBE encrypted.
- If you are on a test build from 23.04.2022 or newer, you should be able to update to this build without issues, but I'd still recommend to clean flash!
- For bug reports, see #bugs and #logs in the support chat!
